For 23 years, we've called this place home.
We've raised a family here.
Two beautiful girls.
Six months ago, my boss called me into his office.
The company was restructuring.
They valued my work, but if I wanted to keep my job,
I would need to move.
It was a difficult decision.
My job allowed me to support my family well
and it had never interfered with our spiritual routine.
We said many prayers about it.
We discussed it as a family and we decided to move.
But we were anxious.
My family has only ever known one home, one congregation.
My girls have many friends in the congregation.
Good examples who are helping them to serve Jehovah.
This is going to be hard on all of us.
A brother in our hall had moved into the congregation
a few years ago.
I asked him how his family coped with the challenge.
He said that the key to staying grounded
is maintaining the one thing that should never change.
Our spiritual routine.
But that requires work and planning
to make sure our move doesn't stop us
from getting to the meetings,
sharing in the ministry,
spending time with our brothers and sisters
and looking after our family.
His advice was spot on.
After some research,
I found a scripture that illustrated our situation.
And the rain poured down
and the floods came and the winds blew
and lashed against that house.
But it did not cave in
for it had been founded on the rock.
The discrete man built his house on good foundations.
He took a plan
and he worked hard
when the storm came.
His house survived.
As a family,
we needed a plan that would help us
stay spiritually grounded through our move.
So we wrote our own plan.
Just like the discrete man,
we wanted to build our move
on a strong spiritual foundation.
So we made a visit
to our new congregation ahead of our move.
Over the years,
it becomes a comfort to walk into a kingdom hall
and see familiar faces.
Walking into our new congregation
reminded me how much we're going to miss everyone.
But the Bible tells us that
with the measure we measure out,
others will measure to us in return.
So we resolve to show love first.
Hello, Angelica.
Hi, I'm Samantha, nice to meet you.
The best way to get to know our new congregation
is to work with the brothers and sisters in the ministry.
No matter where we go,
we'll find people that loved Jehovah and each other.
Moving day finally arrived.
The last boxes were packed.
We got the door one final time
and began our journey to our new home.
It took effort,
but visiting the congregation ahead of time
was well worth it.
Look, we already have friends here.
Unpacking seemed to never end.
But the one thing that we all promised ourselves
at family worship
was that we would not let our move
affect our spiritual routine.
Does anyone see my ties?
Found them.
We planned that we wouldn't let anything stop us
from going to the meetings.
The ministry is very different.
We've had to adapt
and learn new techniques.
The brothers and sisters are different too.
It's important not to focus on negative comparisons.
Instead, be positive.
During this transition,
it is especially important to be sensitive
to our spiritual needs.
Family worship is vital.
Keeping spiritually grounded
through such a big transition isn't easy,
especially with a family.
It took a lot of time and energy to care for our needs.
Not just spiritually,
but emotionally too.
Planning ahead,
like the discrete man,
helped our family to stay spiritually grounded.